Add type-code to errors proposal (#14)
Nexmo/api-standards: content/standard/errors.md

In the following examples:

* `type` is both the identifier for the specific error (URI) and a link to human readable documentation about the problem.

> * `type-code` is the last path segement or fragment of the `type` for easy usage and propagation in code.

Reviewer: I'm not sure on the name `type-code` - could it be shortened to `code`?

> * `type-code` is the last path segement or fragment of the `type` for easy usage and propagation in code.

Reviewer: Is this field *always* equal to the fragment from `type` or can it have a different value?

Reviewer 2: 1. it could be that not all the `type` have documentation. there could also be a different mapping
2. the uri is typical for the documentation, the structure of the url could change there, you don't want to be dependent from that

Author: I think there shouldn't be an error with a `type` that doesn't have documentation, and `type` is representative of the URI so to follow the same standard the `code` should always be the fragment. Having said that, I agree that we can be more descriptive in the usage of the field and put less emphasis on the fact that it's the fragment. So should we change the description here to something more generic like:
```suggestion
* `code` is a short form used to describe the error for easy usage and propagation in code, it should correlate with the fragment of the URI as shown in the `type` field.
```

Reviewer: @jurgob The URI is fixed between major versions, so no concerns there. Should the domain change, redirects will be set up

@adischik With this proposed change we use `should`. Are there any use cases where `code` can be different from the fragment? If so, it'd be useful to add some guidelines when this is the case

Author: I see two possibilities for a situation where there would be a difference between the two.
1. In case the structure of the documentation changes
2. The developer decides to change the code of the error to make it more descriptive for example.
It could be best if people will make an effort to keep these similar to help with clarity but it doesn't have to be the same for the above reasons. @mheap How do you suggest we phrase the instruction in this case?

Reviewer: If we're recommending that `code` is a replacement for `type` when switching on errors, it cannot change once it's been added.

Removing the requirement to change it in future, I'd recommend exactly that you previously had:

> `code` is fragment of the `type` for easy usage and propagation in code
